Allrecipes member Dakota Kelly shares
this recipe for eggs benedict with
salmon saying the smoked salmon and rye
bread adds a new twist to the
traditional Eggs Benedict let's start by
preparing the yogurt sauce place a bowl
over a pot of barely simmering water and
to the bowl add 3/4 cup of plain low-fat
yogurt 2 teaspoons of lemon juice 3 egg
yolks 1/2 teaspoon of Dijon mustard 1/4
teaspoon of salt 1/4 teaspoon of sugar a
pinch of ground black pepper and a dash
of hot pepper sauce whisk the sauce
frequently for six to eight minutes
until it thickens enough to coat the
back of a spoon the sauce will keep it
room temperature for up to an hour and
can be gently reheated before serving
next let's prepare the poached eggs in a
large pot heat 2 quarts of salted water
to a boil
several all recipes members suggest
adding a splash of white vinegar to the
water to help keep the eggs together now
carefully add 8 eggs one at a time to
the boiling water and reduce the heat to
medium cook the eggs and batches if
you're using a smaller pot when the eggs
start to float to the top they are ready
remove them with a slotted spoon and let
them drain and we're ready to assemble
for each serving place one slice of
toasted rye bread on a warm plate top
each piece of toast with one ounce of
thinly sliced smoked salmon
n1 poached egg drizzle with a warm
yogurt sauce
in garnish with one tablespoon of
chopped fresh parsley and 1 teaspoon of
capers or to taste our recipes members
zetas kitchen says this recipe for eggs
benedict with salmon is a really nice
lower-fat recipe with lots of options to
cater to your personal tastes